# Final Year Project
This is the repository of my final year project at the City University of Hong Kong. The purpose of this README is to summarize all the files in this repository.

To view the website, please click [here](https://avi10malhotra.github.io/).

---
## match_commentary
This folder contains a list of csv files, 64 in total. Each file contains the match commentary of a single match.

---
## models
### bart-large-cnn
This folder contains the BART model used for text-summarization in this project. For more info, please refer to the [model's README file](models/bart-large-cnn/README.md).

### GPT-3-Curie
- fine_tuning.ipynb: This notebook contains the code used to fine-tune the GPT-3 Curie engine via the OpenAI API.
- format.py: This script formats the training data according to the standards accepted by the GPT-3 API model.
- processed_dataset.csv: The sentence equivalent text pairs.
- raw_training_data_preprocsesed.csv: The raw training data, preprocessed from HuggingFace.
- training_data_prepared.jsonl: The raw training data, formatted according to the standards accepted by the GPT-3 API model.

---
### S-BERT
This folder contains the S-BERT model used for evaluating sentence-similarity between generated and sample commentaries in this project. For more info, please refer to the [model's README file](models/S-BERT/README.md).

---
## quali_assessment
This folder contains the survey data for the 4 chosen sample commentaries and their corresponding violin-plots. For more info, please refer to [survey_graphs.py](quali_assessment/survey_graphs.py).

---
## quant_assessment
- comparisons.py: This script contains the code used to compare the generated commentaries with the sample commentaries. It saves the results to [scores.txt](quant_assessment/scores.txt).
- graphs.py: This script generates the [heatmap.png](quant_assessment/heatmap.png), [semantic similarity.png](quant_assessment/semantic_similarity.png), and [word count comparisons.png](quant_assessment/word_count_comparisons.png) graphs.
- test.py: This script collects all data from [testing](testing) and [summaries](summaries) and stores them to txt files ([summary_file.txt](summary_file.txt) and [testing_file.txt](testing_file.txt)) for further analysis.

---
## summaries
This folder contains the summaries generated by the GPT-3 based Curie paraphraser and the BART-large-summarizer.

---
## testing
This folder contains the sample commentaries used for testing the generated commentaries.

---
## website
This folder contains the code used to generate the [website](https://avi10malhotra.github.io/).

---
### fetch_updates.py: 
This script fetches match-commentary data from Google Search using the Chrome web-driver and saves all data to [match_commentary](match_commentary).

---
### generate_summary.py:
This script generates summaries using the BART-large-summarizer and the GPT-3 based Curie paraphraser. It saves the summaries to [summaries](summaries).

---
### matches.txt:
This file contains the list of matches played in the FIFA World Cup 2022.
